Docs: CSRF add configuration options and documentation for additional headers and origins (#50473)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/saml.md

...
-----END PRIVATE KEY-----
```

### SAML login attempts fail with request response "origin not allowed"

> When the user logs in using SAML and gets presented with "origin not allowed", the user might be issuing the login from an IdP (identity provider) service or the user is behind a reverse proxy. This potentially happens as Grafana's CSRF checks deem the requests to be invalid. For more information [CSRF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user logs in using SAML and gets presented with "origin not allowed", the user might be issuing the login from an IdP (identity provider) service or the user is behind a reverse proxy. This potentially happens as Grafana's CSRF checks deem the requests to be invalid. For more information [CSRF](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf).
```

To solve this issue, you can configure either the [`csrf_trusted_origins`]({{< relref "../../configure-grafana/enterprise-configuration/#csrf-trusted-origins" >}}) or [`csrf_origin_headers`]({{< relref "../../configure-grafana/enterprise-configuration/#csrf-origin-headers" >}}) option in the SAML configuration.

Example of a configuration file:

```bash
# config.ini
...

> [auth.saml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[security]
```

csrf_trusted_origins = https://grafana.example.com

> csrf_origin_headers = X-Forwarded-Proto X-Forwarded-Host X-Forwarded-Port

Reviewer 2: Is `csrf_origin_headers` the correct option to use here? `csrf.go` uses only `csrf_additional_headers` and `csrf_trusted_origins`.

https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/d32ae1890971343fe24ea9bf098bca049992c3dd/pkg/middleware/csrf/csrf.go#L38-L39

Author: it is not! thanks for pointing it out!

Author: https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/50589
